hey guys its tone and I'm back it has
been such a freaking long time since
I've made a video I think my last video
was a bow
i think it was in October no and that
was so long ago dosa last year um I
never planned on making that my last
video and I never planned on having blue
cute neighbor
hmm anyway I was track yeah whoo
anywhere ah what was I saying now I
never planned on taking a hiatus from
youtube or anything it's just the way
things work out unfortunately i have
been busy on my own working getting my
car bills paid getting to car accidents
whoa I have a lot to fill you guys in um
but anyway I just got caught up in a lot
of stuff and I was busy and I didn't
have a camera to film but now I do so I
am expecting to make videos at least
once a week even though they're kind of
crazy to have to set everything up for
the lighting and the mirrors and stuff
like that everybody's so noisy I am
lived by a waterfall
a train track and a neighbor with a
really loud truck so it's always noisy
around here yeah but I am happy where I
am I have a really big update video that
I should probably make soon and fill you
guys in but right now I am just excited
to put this video out there and I just
want to say thank you to all the people
that have been supporting me I know a
lot of people missed me and I was
actually really like surprised by how
many responses I received from like
fellow youtubers people fans tweeting me
and just writing me telling me that they
missed me and that I needed to come back
and it was so sweet and I'm really sorry
to have kept people waiting like I had
no control over it really that I'm here
it's good it's all d and if you are
interested in seeing my everyday casual
eye makeup face whatever just keep
watching and for now you get this Roscoe
Roscoe me come it could mean career
london and in a do you remember my nail
polish video where I bagged Benji to
come here and she he wouldn't it's the
same thing with this dog okay okay okay
why are you knocking dings ooh hmm are
you doing my pit board camera shy Metis
camera shy oh you're gonna lick my self
tanner all follow hey what's up you want
me to video with me oh you're gonna
stand up
haha i can do that too mmm know anything
else regular you dizzy Rosco rent
cavitus cavitus have a kiss okay no I
can't get my kiss gimme gimme gimme GG
one cheek give me cutie me cheek oh
whatever Oh cam um Leah I'm back and
expect a video every week and I love you
guys so much thanks for all the support
mm-hmm bye